---
title: Week 7
---

The main theme of this week: Subject Headings

When looking at the OCLC record for [Why the south demands corrected textbooks](https://github.com/cspayne/dfw2024/blob/main/_artifacts/enhanced_records/1353299383_enhanced_record.pdf), an artist's book by Katharine Buckley, there was a huge list of subject headings to go through. Noticeably, the record included the term Exceptionalism--Southern States. This wasn't a word I was familiar with, so I had to look it up. Exceptionalism is the idea that a specific group, person, or time period is better than others. While this is *technically* an accurate description, it fails to describe what this book is really about: how the history of slavery and the Civil War is taught (and not taught) in Alabama. 
Subject headings are put in place to provide access and to describe these resources, and a subject heading like 'exceptionalism' seems like a very unlikely term for a patron to look for if they are looking for works on how slavery is taught. It is also quite the euphemism. 
Together Crystal, Mary, and I constructed more accurate subject headings, including: White supremacy (Social structure)--Study and teaching--Social aspects--Alabama, Racism in education--Alabama, and Slavery--History--Study and teaching--Social aspects--Alabama. 
Crystal stressed that avoiding euphemistic terms is vital in descriptive cataloging, as it reduces access to these materials and is simply inaccurate.

The other record we worked on was for the [Feminist Art Project](https://github.com/cspayne/dfw2024/blob/main/_artifacts/original_records/1422745924_original_record_homoit.pdf). This book is a scrapbook style album that documents the Feminist Art Project's work from 1978 - 1979. This was a group of feminists in Seattle who got together and did projects such as mask-making, quilting, and writing lesbian poetry.
This was a chance to finally meet the last learning outcome we had set for this DFW experience: applying Homosaurus terms. [Homosaurus](https://homosaurus.org/) is a linked data vocabulary of LGBTQ terms, much more specific than you can find in LCSH and other vocabularies. Adding these terms improves discoverability for LGBTQ materials. Using Homosaurus terms meant that we could apply 'Lesbian art' to the Feminist Art Project. It also highlighted a term that we could suggest to Homosaurus: 'Feminist art', as the vocabulary does include a variety of terms for feminism but not this specific one. 



