---
title: Week 5
---

This week I took on a new type of book - a catalog from an artists' book exhibition. This involved creating an original record and Name Authority Files for the curators. I started the original record by myself, and completed it with Crystal. There were many aspects I was unsure of, from what counted as the title, what the main entry field should be, whether the date when the exhibition took place counted as the date of publication, and how to credit the artists whose works were photographed and contained within the catalog. 

In the end, we didn't use a 1XX field, only a 245 Title Statement, which contained the name of the exhibition, the dates and location of the exhibition, and the names of the curators. We used the year as the publication date, as [2007?] to show that this was not explicitly stated by the book, but was an educated guess. An educated guess, if it can be made, will always be more useful in a record than simply having no date. Finally, for the artists, we indicated in a 500 note that the list of participating artists was available on page 39. In the end this decision falls to cataloger's judgement, and there were so many artists to credit that we did not list them out within the OCLC record.
 
We then created a new Name Authority File for one curator, and updated the Name Authority File for another. I enjoy creating Name Authority Files and making NACO updates. It involves researching the person and learning about their work, which I have found to be very interestinig. There is also a lot of thought and care given to this work, as there is a responsibility to represent this person courteously and take into consideration what information they have chosen to publicly share about themselves. 

When we made the update to one of the curator's NACO file, we actually emailed the curator to determine if two occurences of the same name both belonged to them. They were quick to respond and Crystal said that people often are happy to answer questions like this. There have been a few times throughout my DFW that we have sent emails to different book artists and libraries to ask clarifying questions. Watching Crystal craft these emails has been really helpful, and she took the time to discuss her method for writing this type of email in a respectful manner. I have practice writing emails for school and even a bit for work, but these emails have been within the organization, which is different than reaching out to people you have never contacted before. This is a skill that I see being extremely useful for my future career.