---
title: Week 6
---

Throughout this experience, I have enjoyed noticing how things have slowly become easier and started to make sense for me. I feel much more comfortable navigating the Original RDA documents, Library of Congress' documentation, and ClassWeb when I have questions about a specific field or rule. This week I tackled a book by myself, and felt much more confident and ready to explain my decisions when I met with Crystal on Tuesday. 

Neither the book nor the author has any information available online, so I had only the book to work off of, which had the author's signature, the year of publication, and the number of copies made written on the back. There was already a file in OCLC so I was able to work off of that as well, but some of the information included seemed incorrect or incomplete.

The record indicated it was RDA, but the 300 field extent was 'artists book', which is not a valid RDA term. I then went and found the terms and definitions that were available to use and had to decide what best described this book's extent. The book consisted of a box, with three pieces inside, each which were tied on either end so they couldn't actually be opened, you could only partially leaf through while looking inside from the top or bottom. Based on the RDA terms definitions, I decided this books consisted of a case with 3 volumes. RDA defines a case as a "unit of extent that consists of a box containing bound or unbound resources" and a volume as "a carrier type that consists of one or more sheets bound or fastened together to form a single unit." 

I then corrected the measurement of the box, which was measured down instead of up in the record. I added more details to the 500 notes, including adding a note on where the title was found and how the volumes were bound. I also added genre/form terms and subject headings for the content.

This was easily the most confident I have felt when enhancing an OCLC record, and reviewing it with Crystal and being able to discuss my decisions and make changes under her supervision was also really helpful. I have really appreciated reviewing the records I work on together, so that I can get feedback during the process and get clarity on where I have missed something or made a choice that Crystal would have done differently. 