---
title: Week 2
---

After spending last week getting everything set up and seeing how things were done, this week I began to set out on my own to a degree. Crystal and I work together one day each week, where I have the opportunity to ask questions and go through the cataloging process alongside her. 

<!--more-->

This week, however, we met for a shorter period of time, so I spent most of that day working on my own. I spent the time reviewing some of the resources I hadn't gotten to last week, and also began cataloging a book myself. On my own I found that I had many more questions than answers. One important question that I needed answered before I could begin updating records was how to type the subfield symbol in OCLC Connexion, so instead of updating the record itself, I spent this time writing down my questions before Crystal and I looked at this book together. 

This week was really encouraging, in that many of my questions and the thoughts I had about cataloging this book were very much in the right direction, which gave me confidence to finally set out on my own the next day. It went...slowly. I am still getting familiar with MARC fields, and while I can recognize some of the big ones (100, 245, 650), I still need references for subfields and specific rules associated with each field. Working off of an existing record can be helpful, because it can provide examples for how a certain field is used. But part of this work is catching any errors or gaps in existing records and updating them, which is challenging when I am still learning how to use MARC. At this point it takes patience and time -- and asking plenty of questions. 

I also had the opportunity to connect with the Book Arts and Rare Books Curator, Sandra Kroupa, to learn more about book arts. One question I had asked was how I can learn to physically describe the books I am cataloging, which is an important part of these bibliographic records. While the answer to this question was partly that I will just pick it up with practice and through example, I was also connected with Sandra and was able to stop in and chat with her for a bit later in the week. I was lent a book on the subject and Sandra offered to see if she can stop by during some of my work hours for a few minutes to answer any questions or go over the book I am working on with me and show me how she would describe it. 
This feels like such a great opportunity to get experience in the many different parts of cataloging work while also getting to learn about such a fascinating niche within the library. 