---
title: Week 8
---

This was a busy week, for both Crystal and I, so we had less time to catalog together. This meant that I did a lot of work on my own before our meeting. After creating the [Feminist Art Project](https://github.com/cspayne/dfw2024/blob/main/_artifacts/original_records/1422745924_original_record_homoit.pdf) record, we needed NACO records for the Feminist Art Project *and* Feminist Art Project Press, as both names appeared in this scrapbook. 

I got to take on creating new NACO records, with an example corporate body record to guide me. The Feminist Art Project never had any presence online, so all of the information we had came from the book. I created drafts and wrote down the questions that I had during the process. I've gotten more skilled at being able to find the answers to my questions through the LoC website and the Original RDA toolkit, but sometimes I still need to consult a person before I'm confident that I understood it right. The other challenge is the 'cataloger's judgement', something that, as Crystal says, ensures catalogers will always have jobs, but also something that takes experience to gain. 

Creating a NACO for a corporate body meant we needed to consult another cataloger, Adam, who was able to answer some of our questions, such as whether LCSH terms like 'Feminists' and 'Seattleites' could apply to a corporate body (Adam's answer: documentation doesn't forbid it, so it can technically be done). After Crystal reviewed my drafts and we made some changes, we sent them off to Adam for final approval. 

The other thing I worked on this week was the book [Without Consensus](https://github.com/cspayne/dfw2024/blob/main/_artifacts/enhanced_records/978280923_enhanced_record_bibco.pdf), which was another exercise in improving subject headings. The terms already in the record were very vague, and I was able to practice finding accurate terms on my own using ClassWeb and, once again, Homosaurus. 