---
title: Week 3
---

This week we focused on creating original records. I've noticed that many cataloging jobs request experience creating records, and previously we had been enhancing pre-existing OCLC records, so I asked if this was something I might encounter. Crystal took the time to find a book that was likely unique so that I could learn how to do an original record. We walked through how OCLC could generate a template or we could copy over an existing record and edit the data that way. 

Working with Crystal one day a week and completing the rest of my hours on my own has allowed me to begin working through cataloging an item on my own, including making mistakes, before then reviewing it with Crystal to see where I missed things or went wrong. This has been a really great method of learning for me, and I have noticed myself becoming familiar with common MARC fields and terms from various vocabularies (such as from LCGFT, LCSH, RBMSCV, and AAT. ) that are frequently used in book arts cataloging. 

I had worked on Emily Martin's "Is that what you're wearing?" on my own, and as we reviewed it together I got to ask questions that I had, such as how to describe this book (I learned it's called a magic wallet book), how detailed to be with the 655 fields (use both LCGFT and RBMSCV, including duplicate terms, and if a term needed is in neither vocabulary look elsewhere), and when to delete outdated terms (leave them if there is no up-to-date equivalent). We also looked at the updates I had made to Emily Martin's Name Authority file, and discussed how much detail can/should be included in these files (much of it seems to be up to cataloger discretion).

As we began to look at the last book we worked on that day, we discovered some odd records in OCLC that linked to photos of this artist's book available on a university website as a part of an open access book arts collection. Given that this book, along with others in this repository, is copyrighted material, Crystal sent some emails asking questions about whether permission was given to post freely available and downloadable photos of these books, and what was going on with these records, which were describing the photos in the collection and not the artist's book itself. A large part of collecting book arts is forming relationships with the artists themselves, and this includes how we treat their art once it is a part of the collection, so this felt like an important thing to follow up on. 

After sending off some emails, we ran out of time to finish cataloging this book, so I picked it up during my solo cataloging time to finish up enhancing the record and the artist's NAF. We heard back from the university later in the week, and they responded that their copyright office had determine that having a few images up of each artist's book was fair use, and that these images were posted in order to aid discovery of these books. We're still waiting to hear back about whether any artists were contacted to ask for permission to have these photos of their art posted as open access and easily downloadable from this library's website. 
