---
title: Week 1 - The Beginning
---

Week 1 was filled with lots of information and lots of note-taking on my part! Discussing my goals and creating the [Learning Outcomes Agreement](/learningoutcomes.md) had me excited to get started. 

<!-- more -->

I arrived early and got to wander around Special Collections' New Years Potluck, where I got to meet (and re-meet) the staff working in that department. I was incredibly nervous for my first day, but everyone was very nice and welcoming which helped settle my nerves a bit. 

From there, my supervisor Crystal gave my a tour of Special Collections, where I will be working on the days that Crystal is also present. The tour included the stacks - specifically where book arts are stored, the shelves where the books that need to be cataloged sit, and the work station we would be using - although the internet was out, so we were unable to actually log in to the station. 

We then headed upstairs to the third floor, which I am much more familiar with due to my metadata job. We brought some book arts upstairs with us, and I was shown the locked cabinet that they could be stored in. After going over the Learning Outcomes Agreement, we started cataloging. 

To start with I watched and asked questions as we made our way through cataloging [The challenge of self-government](https://search.worldcat.org/title/44998568) and [Still life](https://search.worldcat.org/title/1082268422) (which can be [viewed online!](https://www.marlenemaccallum.com/shadows/1/)). Not only were we updating these catalog records in OCLC, but it also involved updates to Name Authority records and an LCSH proposal. 
There is so much to learn, from gaining familiarity with MARC fields and the specific rules and guidelines for describing book arts, to the software that is used to do this work. 

My work for the rest of the week involved getting software set up on my computer, lots of emailing to figure out the access I need in the library, and reviewing the many resources I have been provided that will help me learn everything I'll need to know as I begin this work. This week was nerve-wracking to begin with but it has only made me more excited to learn and gain experience in cataloging this quarter. 